/**

@page wns_documentation_clean shutdown Clean Shutdown (avoid memory leaks)

@todo Update, cleanup

@section shutdown Why bother about a clean shutdown?

When searching for memory leakages that occur at runtime, it is very helpful if you can rely on all
other simulator structures being destroyed properly, so your memchecker will only address the actual
leaks and not bother you with other things

@section pointers When using Pointers, make up your mind about the ownership.

Probably quite obvious: If you create an object with "new", make sure you know that is being deleted
(and where). If the class/scope which created it can not delete it, make sure there's a clear
responsibility for the deletion. If you can not do that --> use a wns::SmartPtr or a std::auto_ptr

If you store pointers to objects in a data structure (e.g. registry, Tree, std::map, etc.), check
thoroughly whether the structure deletes them when it is being destroyed or whether you have to do
that yourself.

NOTE that the wns::container::Registry per default DOES NOT take the ownership of pointers it
stores, even though it can be configured to do so via its third template parameter. The
wns::container::Tree and its derivates have the same behaviour.

@todo this needs to be explained more generally. the documentation should provide information on what to do. otherwise we need to list the behaviour of all classes here.

The following Data Structures delete the objects they store via a pointer:
- Control- / ManagementServiceRegistry
- IdProvider- / ConnectionIDProviderRegistry
- Broker / StaticFactoryBroker
- SingletonHolder

The following structures create NEW objects and hand over the ownership to the caller:
- StaticFactory - This means that any object you retrieve using "create" has to be deleted by YOU

@section destructors Implement the destructors!

Don't be lazy - implement destructors.
Don't "create" objects (see above) without caring about them afterwards.


If everybody adheres to this general guidelines when writing code, we will hopefully manage to have
a more stable (and non-leaking) WNS in the future.

*/
