/**

@page wns_documentation_introduction Introduction

@todo Rewrite and clean up docu

@todo The old file contained the descriptions of the protocol modules. This needs to be added dynamically based on Doxygen-Modules!

openWNS is a modular, highly flexible framework for the investigation
and performance evaluation of wireless systems. It allows for
stochastic, event-driven simulations.


based on prototypical protocol
implementations, combined with a detailed channel model. Typically,
multi-cellular scenarios with realistic interference and propagation
behaviour are simulated.

@section structure Overall Structure

In the next two subsections some of the basic modules and mechanisms from WNS
are explained. The first part gives details on how modules are loaded and
communicating with each other. Miscellaneous aspects, like methods for
parametrisation or gathering of measurements, are explained in more detail in
the second subsection.

@subsection corefunc Core Functionality

The WNS contains of only one executable \e wns-core, which is mostly a module
loader to include the other required parts. All modules are by default
compiled as shared libraries and loaded on demand during start-up. From a
general perspective, communication among them is based on function calls. To
avoid naming conflicts, several times C++ name spaces are used. In this way,
also the two core libraries SPEETCL and LIBWNS are included in every
simulation. They provide various helper functions and the fundamental classes
for event-driven simulations with one global timing.

@subsection helpfunc Helper Functions

Apart from the module handling and global scheduling, several other functions
are provided by the core libraries. Two major groups are the generation of
various (pseudo) random numbers and initial evaluation of simulation
results. In general, measurements of specific parameters can be taken at
arbitrary positions by means of so-called probes. Probes are gathered at
periodic intervals, while the internal evaluation functions allow for initial
statistical evaluations, like major indicators or the generation of CDFs.


*/
